okay to them back I just wanted to come
to you with this quick review on my hair
by bilbrey which you can see right now
this is 16 18 20 inches I colored it
brown with box dyed toner and bleach my
edges is not laid right now I have to
wash my hair so don't come for me thank
you
besides that my brows need to be done
but anyway on to the hair so basically
this hair I do not like and I'm going to
tell you why so basically I don't like
this hair because it shows like Abby's
basically I don't know is it because I
colored the hair which I don't you could
color version hair but you know I get
some hairs you can't color nowadays but
even though you paid $230 for it even
though it was on sale for Black Friday
but you should still be a look alert
here right so yeah so that's my biggest
problem with this hair that the hair
sheds like a dog other than that when I
first got there the first day I had it
in or a second day I tried to let go
like this and it would like get stuck
like crazy it doesn't do it anymore but
it used to like a little resistance but
other than that yeah doesn't do it as
much but yeah I don't like this hair it
should it tangles yes it gets pretty
straight I have got a lot of compliments
on this hair as well as the shedding is
causing me I have short time don't worry
the shedding is causing me to lose
length basically this hair is a 20 inch
it was at least this much longer than
what it is now it was almost like a 22
on me I don't know because I'm sure I'm
5 foot 2 but yeah I definitely do not
like this hair guys like I should have
spent my money on Keisha's hair when I
know that hair is gonna be bomb
definitely I want to try our Malaysian
here next
so all these big brand companies hair by
bilbrey and things like that
no it does live up to the hype I always
wanted to get this hair for years and I
finally had a chance when they had the
Black Friday sales on so let me try to
here let me see what the hype is about
but you know thumbs down to this hair
I'm not even going to reuse their hair I
would throw it in the garbage but I'm
more than likely gonna give it away or
see what else I'd do with it I don't
know I could turn this hair and sell Bob
you never know you can see the ends are
split I don't know if that's because I
colored I'm pretty sure that's probably
the reason but when I first got this
hair this hair was like super silk out
like it was really great but I never
knew if you colored the hair the texture
would change so I was not warned on that
who knew that you couldn't color virgin
here but I guess that's the case with
this hair so if you guys still want to
check the hair out is hair bible
brunette I believe the shipping is about
fifteen dollars which I think it's a
little bit high but who am I to say
another thing to they change a shipping
policy so you cannot let me see what
they said you cannot get the hair sent
to any other address up for your house
address which was a problem for me
the first time that I hear from them
which was this one they were able to do
it but the second time which I got their
Burmese exotic wavy which I'll be
putting in for summertime they could not
send it to my job I had a little bit of
a disagreement with them basically over
email which I felt like they were being
very rude customer service wasn't as
great as it was the first time I dealt
with them for some reason she was like
you could cancel the order if you don't
want to deal with our shipping policies
but every other hair company I ever deal
with except for what's the hair called
diamond doll dynasty them two are the
only people that will not ship to a job
address or another address um if I'm
paying my money I feel like I should be
able to get the hair to any address that
I want to you know so yeah I was just my
problems with the hair other than that I
really can't wait to take this hair I
love the color that I did on it
this was a lot of trial and error but I
do love the color that I did I never had
this color before I left my roots the
same dark color as usual because I don't
want to dye my hair closer than that I
definitely don't like this hair I will
not be repurchasing this texture
Brazilian body wave again I hope and
pray keep your fingers crossed for me
that my curly hair is good way better
than this hair because I am going to
color it out here hopefully things will
be it'll go good because I've seen a lot
of good reviews on that hair and I
really wanted something that wasn't too
tightly curled I wanted something that
was more wavy enough I told you get my
eyebrows done but I need to get them
done they look horrible right now but
yeah I've been going for a while I've
been working in different things like
that so I'm gonna try to have more
videos for you guys but um I got the
camera all slanted yeah I just wanted to
come in here and tell you about this
hair um
thumbs down for me it's definitely not
what I expected it to be maybe if I
didn't color it maybe it would have been
you know I don't know a little better
but I've had aliexpress hair before not
colored and it was fine like my Yvonne
kicked me straight he'll head out here
it was fine you know I'm just
disappointed basically so this video was
like a little bit of a rant I guess but
other than that I will be coming back to
you guys with more videos pretty soon
hopefully and I see you minutes when any
questions please leave them down below
let me know if you have questions for me
it's answer about the hair this is not a
sponsored review as you can obviously
see so I'll be entering your questions
truthfully like I did in this video
basically told you everything that I
experienced with this hair just so you
know before you do buy it and that's
pretty much it so see you guys soon
goodbye